Docmentation for agents (#1057)
microsoft/FLAML: website/docs/Use-Cases/Auto-Generation.md

### `UserProxyAgent`
`UserProxyAgent` is an Agent class that serves as a proxy for the human user. Upon receiving a message, the UserProxyAgent will either solicit the human user's input or prepare an automatically generated reply. The chosen action depends on the settings of the `human_input_mode`, `max_consecutive_auto_reply` defined when the `UserProxyAgent` instance is constructed, and whether a human user input is available.

Currently, the automatically generated reply is crafted based on automatic code execution. The `UserProxyAgent` triggers code execution automatically when it detects an executable code block in the received message and no human user input is provided. This capability allows for seamless and interactive user-agent communication, even when human input is not immediately available.

Example usage of the agents to solve a task with code:
```python
from flaml.autogen.agent.assistant_agent import AssistantAgent

> from flaml.autogen.agent.user_proxy_agent import UserProxyAgent

Reviewer: simplify

> # create an AssistantAgent instance named "coding_agent"
> assistant = AssistantAgent("coding_agent", request_timeout=600, seed=42, config_list=config_list)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# create an AssistantAgent instance named "assistant"
assistant = AssistantAgent("assistant", request_timeout=600, seed=42, config_list=config_list)
```

# create a UserProxyAgent instance named "user"
user = UserProxyAgent(
    "user",
    human_input_mode="NEVER",
    max_consecutive_auto_reply=10,
    is_termination_msg=lambda x: x.rstrip().endswith("TERMINATE") or x.rstrip().endswith('"TERMINATE".'),
    work_dir=".",
)

# the assistant receives a message from the user, which contains the task description
assistant.receive(
    """What date is today? How much % has NVDA stock price changed in 2023?""",
    user,
)
```
In the example above, we create a AssistantAgent named "coding_agent" to serve as the assistant and a UserProxyAgent named "user" to serve as a proxy for the human user.
1. The assistant receives a message from the user, which contains the task description.
2. The assistant then tries to write Python code to solve the task and sends the response to the user.

> 

Reviewer: remove

Author: Do you mean removing the extra empty line? If so, this is resolved.

3. The user executes the code or provide feedback, and sends the result back to the assistant.

> 

Reviewer: remove

Author: Do you mean removing the extra line? If so, this is resolved.

4. The assistant then generates a further response for the user. The user can then decide whether to terminate the conversation or continue to request more information. If the latter, steps 3 and 4 are repeated.

*Interested in trying it yourself? Please check the following notebook examples of using the agents to perform tasks with code:*
* [Use agents to perform tasks with auto-feedback from code execution](https://github.com/microsoft/FLAML/blob/main/notebook/autogen_agent_auto_feedback_from_code_execution.ipynb)

> * [Use agents to perform tasks with human feedback](https://github.com/microsoft/FLAML/blob/main/notebook/autogen_agent_user_feedback.ipynb)

Reviewer: revise.
add the third link?

[`flaml.autogen.agents`](../reference/autogen/agent/agent) contains an experimental implementation of interactive agents which can adapt to human or simulated feedback. This subpackage is under active development.

We have designed different classes of Agents that are capable of communicating with each other through the exchange of messages to collaboratively finish a task. An agent can communicate with other agents and perform actions. Different agents can differ in what actions they perform in the `receive` method.

### `AssistantAgent`

> `AssistantAgent` is an Agent class designed to act as an assistant by responding to user requests. It could write Python code (in a Python coding block) for a user to execute when a message (typically a description of a task that needs to be solved) is received. Under the hood, the Python code is written by LLM (more specifically GPT-3.5-turbo or GPT-4 from OpenAI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AssistantAgent` is an Agent class designed to act as an assistant by responding to user requests. It could write Python code (in a Python coding block) for a user to execute when a message (typically a description of a task that needs to be solved) is received. Under the hood, the Python code is written by LLM (e.g., GPT-4).
```

### `UserProxyAgent`

> `UserProxyAgent` is an Agent class that serves as a proxy for the human user. Upon receiving a message, the UserProxyAgent will either solicit the human user's input or prepare an automatically generated reply. The chosen action depends on the settings of the `human_input_mode`, `max_consecutive_auto_reply` defined when the `UserProxyAgent` instance is constructed, and whether a human user input is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`UserProxyAgent` is an Agent class that serves as a proxy for the human user. Upon receiving a message, the UserProxyAgent will either solicit the human user's input or prepare an automatically generated reply. The chosen action depends on the settings of the `human_input_mode` and `max_consecutive_auto_reply` when the `UserProxyAgent` instance is constructed, and whether a human user input is available.
```

> Currently, the automatically generated reply is crafted based on automatic code execution. The `UserProxyAgent` triggers code execution automatically when it detects an executable code block in the received message and no human user input is provided. This capability allows for seamless and interactive user-agent communication, even when human input is not immediately available.

Reviewer: Do we want to mention more capabilities to be added? And one can extend by overriding the `auto_reply()` function and adding/modifying instructions to AssistantAgent?

Author: Yes. I am thinking mentioning `MathUserProxyAgent` as an example extension of `UserProxyAgent` (after the MathChat PR is merged or in the MathChat PR).

Example usage of the agents to solve a task with code:
```python
from flaml.autogen.agent import AssistantAgent, UserProxyAgent

# create an AssistantAgent instance named "assistant"

> assistant = AssistantAgent("assistant", request_timeout=600, seed=42, config_list=config_list)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assistant = AssistantAgent(name="assistant")
```

# create a UserProxyAgent instance named "user"

> user = UserProxyAgent(
>     "user",
>     human_input_mode="NEVER",
>     max_consecutive_auto_reply=10,
>     is_termination_msg=lambda x: x.rstrip().endswith("TERMINATE") or x.rstrip().endswith('"TERMINATE".'),
>     work_dir=".",
> )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user_proxy = UserProxyAgent(
    name="user_proxy",
    human_input_mode="TERMINATE",  # explain
    max_consecutive_auto_reply=10,  # explain
    is_termination_msg=lambda x: x.rstrip().endswith("TERMINATE") or x.rstrip().endswith('"TERMINATE".'), # explain
)
```

# the assistant receives a message from the user, which contains the task description
assistant.receive(
    """What date is today? How much % has NVDA stock price changed in 2023?""",

>     user,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    user_proxy,
```

)
```
In the example above, we create a AssistantAgent named "assistant" to serve as the assistant and a UserProxyAgent named "user" to serve as a proxy for the human user.
1. The assistant receives a message from the user, which contains the task description.
2. The assistant then tries to write Python code to solve the task and sends the response to the user.
3. The user executes the code or provide feedback, and sends the result back to the assistant.

> 4. The assistant then generates a further response for the user. The user can then decide whether to terminate the conversation or continue to request more information. If the latter, steps 3 and 4 are repeated.

Reviewer: user -> user_proxy
Explain when the human input is requested, depending on human_input_mode, max_consecutive_reply, and is_termination_msg.

Author: In this example, human input will never be requested.  I added some relevant explanation saying that "Under the mode human_input_mode="NEVER", the multi-turn conversation between the assistant and the user_proxy stops when the number of auto-reply reaches the upper limit specified by max_consecutive_auto_reply or when is_termination_msg is True." 

Is this sufficient?

Currently, the automatically generated reply is crafted based on automatic code execution. The `UserProxyAgent` triggers code execution automatically when it detects an executable code block in the received message and no human user input is provided. We plan to add more capabilities in `UserProxyAgent` beyond code execution. One can also easily extend it by overriding the `auto_reply` function of the `UserProxyAgent` to add or modify responses to the `AssistantAgent`'s specific type of message. This auto-reply capability allows for seamless and interactive user-agent communication, even when human input is not immediately available.

Example usage of the agents to solve a task with code:
```python
from flaml.autogen.agent import AssistantAgent, UserProxyAgent

# create an AssistantAgent instance named "assistant"
assistant = AssistantAgent(name="assistant")

# create a UserProxyAgent instance named "user_proxy"
user_proxy = UserProxyAgent(
    name="user_proxy",

>     human_input_mode="NEVER", # in this mode, the agent never solicit human input but always auto reply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    human_input_mode="NEVER",  # in this mode, the agent will never solicit human input but always auto reply
```

>     max_consecutive_auto_reply=10, # the maximum number of consecutive auto replies
>     is_termination_msg=lambda x: x.rstrip().endswith("TERMINATE") or x.rstrip().endswith('"TERMINATE".'), # the function to determine whether a message is a termination message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    max_consecutive_auto_reply=10,  # the maximum number of consecutive auto replies
    is_termination_msg=lambda x: x.rstrip().endswith("TERMINATE") or x.rstrip().endswith('"TERMINATE".'),  # the function to determine whether a message is a termination message
```

    work_dir=".",
)

# the assistant receives a message from the user, which contains the task description
assistant.receive(
    """What date is today? How much % has NVDA stock price changed in 2023?""",
    user_proxy,
)
```
In the example above, we create an AssistantAgent named "assistant" to serve as the assistant and a UserProxyAgent named "user_proxy" to serve as a proxy for the human user.
1. The assistant receives a message from the user_proxy, which contains the task description.
2. The assistant then tries to write Python code to solve the task and sends the response to the user_proxy.
3. Once the user_proxy receives a response from the assistant, it tries to reply by either soliciting human input or preparing an automatically generated reply. In this specific example, since `human_input_mode` is set to `"NEVER"`, the user_proxy will not solicit human input but prepare an automatically generated reply (auto reply). More specifically, the user_proxy executes the code and uses the result as the auto-reply.

> 4. The assistant then generates a further response for the user_proxy. The user_proxy can then decide whether to terminate the conversation or continue to request more information. If the latter, steps 3 and 4 are repeated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The assistant then generates a further response for the user_proxy. The user_proxy can then decide whether to terminate the conversation. If not, steps 3 and 4 are repeated.
```

> 4. The assistant then generates a further response for the user_proxy. The user_proxy can then decide whether to terminate the conversation or continue to request more information. If the latter, steps 3 and 4 are repeated.

Reviewer: Do we want to include a brief example of the printed messages? Or use a figure?

Author: A figure is added.

> Under the mode `human_input_mode="NEVER"`, the multi-turn conversation between the assistant and the user_proxy stops

Reviewer: Do we want to mention there are three modes? Currently, the other two modes are not mentioned at all.

Author: Explaining the three modes clearly needs a long paragraph.   Not sure whether that's too much. I added it though.

    user_proxy,
)
```
In the example above, we create an AssistantAgent named "assistant" to serve as the assistant and a UserProxyAgent named "user_proxy" to serve as a proxy for the human user.
1. The assistant receives a message from the user_proxy, which contains the task description.
2. The assistant then tries to write Python code to solve the task and sends the response to the user_proxy.
3. Once the user_proxy receives a response from the assistant, it tries to reply by either soliciting human input or preparing an automatically generated reply. In this specific example, since `human_input_mode` is set to `"NEVER"`, the user_proxy will not solicit human input but prepare an automatically generated reply (auto reply). More specifically, the user_proxy executes the code and uses the result as the auto-reply.
4. The assistant then generates a further response for the user_proxy. The user_proxy can then decide whether to terminate the conversation. If not, steps 3 and 4 are repeated.

Please find a visual illustration of how UserProxyAgent and AssistantAgent collaboratively solve the above task below:

> ![AgentDesign](images/agent_design.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Agent Example](images/agent_design.png)
```
